This month Bach Tam Lan earned two silver coins.
320,000 taels.
This leader I decided.
As for our master Chu.
Earn 1 million taels.
But also gives Nga Mi a way to make money.
It is selling secret martial arts blind box
So this time I declare
The competition was won by the owner Chu.
You are happy soon.
Not good, guys.
Tran Nam Vuong led his soldiers to attack.
Also had to take the concubines of the Zhou leaders.
Otherwise, Nga Mi will be destroyed.
Thanks to To Truong Tung's idea.
Sell ​​Chu Man to Tran Nam Vuong as a concubine
Congratulations guys.
Can marry the king of the town as a concubine
But that was a great stroke of luck.
Bach Tam Lan, how dare you sell me?
Believe it or not, I'm cleaning up right now.